Add readme file to extend-rest-api directory and move internal doc into internal folder (#10926)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: docs/internal-developers/rest-api/extend-rest-api-new-endpoint.md

# Adding an endpoint to ExtendSchema <!-- omit in toc -->

> This document is intended for contributors to WooCommerce Blocks plugin, if you feel like a new endpoint should be added, feel free to open an issue or a PR detailing why.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document is intended for internal developers of the WooCommerce Blocks plugin. If you feel like a new endpoint should be added, feel free to open an issue or a PR detailing why.
```

Reviewer: Should this part refer to "internal developers" instead of "contributors"? 🤔
